Update subscriptions.md (#1821)
FormidableLabs/urql: docs/advanced/subscriptions.md

[Observable spec](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-observable), which comes down to having an
object with a `.subscribe()` method accepting an observer.

## Setting up `graphql-ws`

For backends supporting `graphql-ws`, we recommend using the [graphql-ws](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-ws) client.

```js
import { createClient, defaultExchanges, subscriptionExchange } from 'urql';
import { createClient as createWSClient } from 'graphql-ws';

const wsClient = createWSClient({
  url: 'ws://localhost/graphql',
});

const client = createClient({
  url: '/graphql',
  exchanges: [
    ...defaultExchanges,
    subscriptionExchange({
      forwardSubscription: (operation) => ({
        subscribe: (sink) => ({
          unsubscribe: wsClient.subscribe(operation, sink),
        }),
      }),
    }),
  ],
});
```

[Read more on the `graphql-ws` README.](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-ws/blob/master/README.md)

## Setting up `subscriptions-transport-ws`

For backends supporting `subscriptions-transport-ws`, [Apollo's `subscriptions-transport-ws`
package](https://github.com/apollographql/subscriptions-transport-ws) can be used.

> > Note: `subscriptions-transport-ws` is deprecated, consider using `graphql-ws` (above)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `subscriptions-transport-ws` package isn't actively maintained. If your API supports the new protocol or you can swap the package out, consider using [`graphql-ws`](#setting-up-graphql-ws) instead.
```

It never has been put into official deprecation or archival, so I'd love to keep this generic, especially since the GraphQL over HTTP spec extension moving to standardise the protocol anyway

Author: Can do that if you want - I was basing that deprecation status on what is in the [README](https://github.com/apollographql/subscriptions-transport-ws)

> The subscriptions-transport-ws library is not being actively maintained. It is recommended that you use the graphql-ws library instead.

```js
import { Client, defaultExchanges, subscriptionExchange } from 'urql';
import { SubscriptionClient } from 'subscriptions-transport-ws';

const subscriptionClient = new SubscriptionClient('ws://localhost/graphql', { reconnect: true });

const client = new Client({
  url: '/graphql',
  exchanges: [
    ...defaultExchanges,
    subscriptionExchange({
      forwardSubscription: (operation) => subscriptionClient.request(operation)
    }),
  ],
});
```

> In this example, we're creating a `SubscriptionClient`, are passing in a URL and some parameters,

Reviewer: I think it's inconsistent to keep this and delete the other description. I'm actually not sure whether to keep both or delete both, but better to be consistent 🤷 I'll leave it up to you 😸

Author: Sorry yeah that was a whimsical change - I'll add back in the old one for now to keep this scoped :+1:
